In this video, I'm going to walk you
through how to use LinkedIn ads single
image retargeting to scale pipeline and
revenue. If you're new to LinkedIn ads
and you want to take advantage of this
segment, you are in the right spot. So,
single image ad retargeting is anyone
that interacts with your ads retargeting
them with additional content. So, for
context like with us here at AC
conversion, uh people that interact with
our image ads. So, this is an example of
our image ads on the agency side of our
business. Uh if anyone interacts with
this, so we've got like 10 reactions.
all of these people are now eligible for
retargeting or um or these people or
these people. So, we've got all these
different ads that we're running in our
campaigns and now we can retarget the
people that are interacting with these
ads. So, interactions mean people who
are clicking on the ad, people who are
liking or hearting or commenting on the
ad, people who are actually engaging
with the ad, those are defined as
interactions. So, there's a lot more
people that have interacted with this ad
outside of just those that we can see
here in terms of actual engagement. If
you guys are new to the channel, I'm
Sylvia Perez. I'm the founder of Ad
Conversion. We are a digital advertising
agency and academy. On the academy side
of our business, 5,000 plus B2B
marketers take our courses on LinkedIn,
Google, Reddit, and other topics, uh,
100% free. And then on the agency side
of our business, we manage $3 million a
month in ad spend under management for
B2B SAS brands. So let's dive into how
to actually create your LinkedIn single
image ad retargeting segments. So step
number one is you obviously have to have
image ads being launched and live in the
market. So for context like we've got
all these different campaigns that are
using single image ads like you can see
here and these ads are specifically
around our agency and we're driving them
to prospects to try to get you know
meetings and sales for the agency. But
we also have image ads running for the
academy and our courses and the
community and so on and so forth. But
you got to make sure you have your
campaigns out there. Once you do that,
then you're going to go to plan
audiences in the LinkedIn ads campaign
manager. You're going to create an
audience, matched audience, and we're
going to focus here on single image.
Now, all of these different segments are
incredible, and ideally, you're using as
many segments as possible. If you want
to learn more about like how to put it
all together, these segments, create a a
timebased retargeting strategy, then
definitely check out our remarketing
best practices video on this channel.
But for the sake of this video today,
we're focusing in on single image. So,
I'm going to go and click next. And what
LinkedIn allows us to do is it allows us
to retarget people based on a 30-day
window all the way to a
365day window, which is quite large in
terms of people who've actually
interacted with our ads. So, for
context, like you can see here any
interactions with your ad or people who
performed chargeable clicks on your ad.
Generally speaking, I recommend you just
focus on any interactions with your ad
as this one is going to cut down your
size and it'll vary depending on the
objective that you're using. But
typically, this is people who clicked on
your ad and were directed to a landing
page. So, when you're actually building
the segments, what you want to do is you
want to sort by total engagement. And
then you're going to be able to see all
of your campaigns that are active or
paused. And then you can see how much
engagement you have on those campaigns
based on the time frame that you're
looking at. So, in this case, I've got
90 days, so it's 632. But if I switch
this to uh let's just say 365, you can
see, well, in this case, this is a newer
campaign, so it didn't really jump up
much, but some of my other segments did
versus if I go to 30 days, you can see
the number drop down quite considerably,
right, from 600 to 200. So, all in all,
what I recommend that you do if you're
just starting out is focus on the 90-day
segment. Uh so that way you can just
start there, build your size and then
over time you have flexibility to play
with 30 verse 90 verse 180 and be able
to see. Now one thing that you have to
be in be in mind here is like LinkedIn
does not dynamically add new campaigns
to account for your segments. Meaning if
I launch the new campaign and I don't
have it selected then I need to come
back here to this audience click edit
and then make sure to add those
campaigns here so that it's counted.
It's really annoying. I hope LinkedIn
fixes it and they create a new feature
around this. But right now, just know
like if you launch new image ad
campaigns, you've got to go back to this
segment and then add them in so that
they're included. So, one thing I will
mention is when you're using the single
image ad uh retargeting segment, in our
experience and the experiments that
we've ran in the agency, this one
typically converts the lowest compared
to video views, website visitors. And as
you can imagine, it's because just
because somebody interacted with your ad
doesn't mean that they're actually ready
to take the next step. So you want to be
very very mindful of when you are
creating these segments, especially if
you're using them as like a catchall. Uh
you want to be very mindful of like what
were the types of ads that they were
interacting with. So for context, like
if somebody is interacting with these
ads, these ads are going to a very very
specific audience that we're targeting
with account lists and job titles. So if
they're interacting with these ads,
that's really good. It's a good signal
because they're interacting with uh
sales related ads versus if I was
promoting, you know, a blog article and
I was driving people to the ad
conversion blog and they're acting with
those ads. If I were to retarget them
now and say, "Hey, get a trial. Join our
community. Sign up for a demo." Whatever
that core CTA might be, the gap is
probably quite large. So, just be really
mindful and careful when you are using
the single ad uh image ad react
retargeting segment. I think the real
advantage of this retargeting segment is
to build
your retargeting audience size as a
whole. So I personally find more value
in this in two different use cases. One,
retargeting salesfocused ads. So like
the ones I just showed you or like uh
explainer ads or use case ads, things
like that that are more high intent
focused, retargeting that and then using
that as a signal. That's one option. The
other way that we typically like to use
this is just to beef up our overall
retargeting audience size within our
cohorts of time. So, if you're not
familiar with like the way and our
methodology of doing this, definitely
check out our best practice video. But
we typically like to create a massive
cluster of all of these different
segments within a 30, 90, and 180day
period. And we want to combine as many
relevant segments within those time
periods as well. So, we can have a much
larger audience size versus just relying
on an individual single image ad
segment. So, the single image ad
segments are really good to increase
your overall size. So now that you've
have a bigger size, now you have more
flexibility where you can layer on uh
job titles or an account list depending
on how big it is. So now you can dwindle
down your retargeting size, not just by
like anyone that's interacted or in this
case engaged with your ads, but specific
people um that are in these cohorts of
time. I hope I didn't lose you, but the
real value of this audience size or this
audience segment is to beef up your
overall remarketing audience size or to
retarget very sales specific ads because
you know those people have some more
intent. So that is really it for this
video. It's as simple as that. When
you're ready to set this up, you're just
going to go and click on all of the
campaigns that you want to include.
You're going to give this a name. So the
naming convention we always recommend is
remarketing. In this case, it's going to
be single image. And then we're going to
put the time frame. So 90 days. And if
you've been following along with our
remarketing series, you'll see like we
always follow this similar naming
convention. So it makes it really easy
to find them in the future. And then I
would just go ahead and agree and
create. And then in future when I launch
new campaigns, I'll go back into the
segment, edit it, and then add those
additional segments in so that they're
included. If you want to learn more
about LinkedIn, definitely check out our
free courses on LinkedIn ads at
conversion.com. just come here and uh
just navigate over to the courses
section. So you'll see we've got three
courses on LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn ads
101's all around launching your first
campaign, 102 around optimization, 103
around scaling, and we also have other
courses too on Reddit, Google Ads, and
other topics. So, uh if you're curious
like what's the catch, uh all of our
courses are free. Like our vision, our
mission is to create the go-to place to
learn how to run ads in the world. Just
because like when I was learning to run
ads, uh it was impossible to find good
content without getting ripped off in
the process. The only thing that we do
charge for right now is our community.
So if you find value from our courses,
that's the next step in our funnel in
terms of joining the community and going
deeper. But that's it for this video. If
you're not subscribed yet, please do me
a favor and hit that subscribe button,
like this video, and stay tuned for the
next